huh huh gone for more jars back later
Monica Geller wait a minute look what
look look look it's an empty apartment
oh we're all alone in an empty apartment
oh honey come on have to be at work in
like ten minutes and oh all right well
it's not like I'm Employee of the Year
anything 3000 that's where you talk
about hey do I look fat okay I accept
that when Janice asked me and I said no
she took that to mean that I was calling
her a cow
okay walk us through it honey walk us
through it okay well Janice said hi do I
look fat today and I looked at her whoa
you looked at her
you never look you just answer it's like
a reflex do I look fat no is she
prettier than I am no the size matter no
and it works both way
okay so you both just know this stuff
you know after about 30 or 40 fights you
kind of catch on okay
for instance hmm let's say Janice is
coming back from a trip and she gives
you two options option number one she'll
take a cab home from the airport or
option number two you can meet her at
baggage claim what do you do that's easy
baggage I act wrong now you're single
it's actually secret option number three
you meet her at the gate that way she
knows you love her
hmm okay this is good he's good all
right listen I have one Janice likes to
cuddle at night which you know I'm all
for but you know when you want to go to
sleep you want some space so uh you know
how do I tell her that without you know
accidentally calling her fat or
something oh I'm sorry we can't help you
there we're cuddly sleepers hmm
okay I'm late for work Oh are you guys
gonna come down uh yeah yeah I'm right
behind you okay good luck Chandler Thank
You Rachel bye MA okay the sleeping
thing very tricky business but there is
something you can do I thought you guys
were cuddling sleeping no no not cuddly
not me just her I'm like you I need the
room okay come here
okay you're in bed yeah I'm gonna use
the cushion yeah okay you're in bed
she's over on your side
cuddling now you wait for her to drift
off and then you hug her and roll her
over to her side of the bed and then you
roll away hug for her roll for you okay
the old hug and roll yeah okay one
question shoot you're pretending the
pillows a girl right I called the sperm
bank today they haven't sold a single
unit of Tribbiani nobody wants my
product I mean I don't get it you know
maybe if they met me in person say in
your oh yeah get it yeah hello ah-chan
can I talk to you for a second sure
what's up uh just one one additional
relationship thought something you're
probably already familiar with women
talk